podcast episode 15 (#221)
haskellfoundation/haskellfoundation.github.io: podcast/15/index.markdown

---
title: Facundo Dominguez
episode: 15
buzzsproutId: 10962514
recorded: 05-05-2022
published: 15-07-2022
---
Facundo Dominguez is interviewed by Niki Vazou and Joachim Breitner. Facundo
Dominguez tells us the difference between STM and SMT. We also talk about
Liquid Haskell and its relation to dependent types and the `QualifiedDo`

> extension -- which is one of the most highly discussed GHC proposals --, and

Reviewer: ```suggestion
extension -- which is one of the most highly discussed GHC proposals -- and
```

> the general GHC proposals. And, finally, Facundo lets have Haskell peacefully

Reviewer: ```suggestion
the general GHC proposals. And, finally, Facundo describes a technique to have Haskell peacefully
```
